# YourHFChat

This code seems to be a Streamlit app that creates a chatbot using the Starchat model from Hugging Face Hub. The chatbot interacts with the user, displays the conversation in a chat-like interface, and logs the conversation history into a file named "chathistory.txt". It's using Streamlit's chat input and chat message components to handle user input and display the responses from the assistant. The messages are processed and generated by the Starchat.  

```sh
python3 -m streamlit run streamlit_app.py  
```

## Deployed to Streamlit.io

[https://yourhfchat-x2kklwf4i3i.streamlit.app/](https://yourhfchat-x2kklwf4i3i.streamlit.app/)

## About StarChat

StarChat Beta is a language model that's trained to act as a helpful coding assistant. It's the second model in the StarChat series, and is an improved version of StarCoderPlus. StarChat Beta was instruction-tuned on the OpenAssistant Guanaco dataset.

- [Hugging Face Page](https://huggingface.co/HuggingFaceH4/starchat-beta)
- [Hugging Face Playground](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/starchat-playground)

## Known Failure Modes

The alpha and beta version of StarChat have not been aligned to human preferences with techniques like RLHF, so they can produce problematic outputs (especially when prompted to do so).

Aligned to human preferences: In the context of chatbots or AI systems, "alignment to human preferences" means that the responses generated by the system are in line with what most people would find acceptable, useful, and appropriate.

RLHF stands for Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback, which is an approach used to train AI models. It combines reinforcement learning, where the model learns by interacting with its environment, with human feedback to guide and improve the learning process.
